what you want you as an agent the world
we inhabit is murky it was a head-on
collision Thurman your uncle was over
the speed limit things are never as
clear as we would wish no hospital in
London has any record of him being
brought in maybe they spelled his name
wrong they're always doing that well
maybe it didn't happen I want to find
out who killed my uncle there's
something we'd like you to do for us no
one outside this department needs to
know about this operation hello Alex
your uncle works for the British
government he was a spy and I think you
are too
[Music]
you take a look around you don't take
any risks and you report back everyone
this is Alex necks is bright and
determined any questions everything but
you can be impulsive in a responsible
way no Krav Maga
I know shooting people in the air the
poor little fish survives by being
smarter and faster and more daring but
these things ran and this is whole life
actions have consequences Alex you think
I can't see right through you
you think I can't tell when someone is
pretending to be something they're
obviously not what have you never find
out what really happened
I do this one thing and it's over they
leave us alone
these people aren't your friends okay me
and Jack
we're your friends but the phony
achievement change is never easy change
status can be for the better
at the end of this he will be
transformed
[Music]
you